[ubuntu] Adds legacy support (#4909)
captn3m0/endoflife.date: products/ubuntu.md

`universe` repositories. Ubuntu Pro (Infra-only)[^1] only guarantees security fixes for packages in
the `main` repository.

Canonical also offers [Ubuntu Legacy Support](https://ubuntu.com//blog/canonical-expands-long-term-support-to-12-years-starting-with-ubuntu-14-04-lts),

> to extend the support of Ubuntu 14.04 by another 2 years to April 2026.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to extend the support of Ubuntu LTS releases from 14.04 by another 2 years beyond Extended Security Maintenance (ESM).
```

WDYT ? Should we update `extendedSupport` accordingly ?

Author: The table heading won't match (Ubuntu Pro vs Legacy Support).

> Canonical also offers [Ubuntu Legacy Support](https://ubuntu.com//blog/canonical-expands-long-term-support-to-12-years-starting-with-ubuntu-14-04-lts),
> to extend the support of Ubuntu LTS releases from 14.04 by another 2 years beyond Extended Security Maintenance (ESM).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Canonical also offers [Ubuntu Legacy Support](https://ubuntu.com//blog/canonical-expands-long-term-support-to-12-years-starting-with-ubuntu-14-04-lts),
to extend the support of Ubuntu LTS releases from 14.04 by another 2 years beyond Extended Security Maintenance (ESM). This offer is only available for Ubuntu Pro paying customers.
```

WDYT ?
